Updates: CSS Multicol guides (#27058)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_multicol_layout/handling_overflow_in_multicol_layout/index.md

If you want an image to fit the column box, setting `max-width: 100%` will prevent the image from growing beyond its container, in this case, the column box.

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/multicol/overflow/image-max-width.html", '100%', 800)}}

## More columns than will fit

How overflowing columns are handled depends on whether the media context is fragmented, such as print, or is continuous, such as a web page.

In fragmented media, after a fragment (for example, a page) is filled with columns, the columns will move to a new page and fill that up with columns. In continuous media, columns will overflow in the inline direction. On the web, this means that you will get a horizontal scrollbar.

The example below shows this overflow behavior. The multicol container has a set {{CSSXref("height")}} and there is more text than space to create columns; therefore, we get columns created outside of the container.

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/multicol/overflow/overflow-inline.html", '100%', 800)}}

## Using vertical media queries

> One issue with multicol on the web is that, if your columns are taller than the viewport, the reader will need to scroll up and down to read, which is not a good user experience. One way to avoid this is to only apply the column properties if you know you have enough vertical space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One issue with multicol on the web is that if the columns are taller than the viewport, the reader will need to scroll the page up and down to read, which is not a good user experience. One way to avoid this is to only apply the column properties if you know there is enough vertical space.
```
